#summary Installation of the Magento-OpenERP interface

= Introduction =

This page describes the installation of the Magento-OpenERP interface.

_Our interface was tested with the following versions :
  * Magento Server 1.3 to 1.6.
  * OpenERP Server 6.0 running under Linux.


The PDF version of the Installation Guide can be found here :
[http://code.google.com/p/sneldev-magento-openerp/downloads/detail?name=Installation%20Guide.pdf&can=2&q= Installation Guide with screenshots]

= 1. Magento =

If you do not have Magento installed yet, please follow the instruction from Magento web site to install it:

http://www.magentocommerce.com/knowledge-base/entry/magento-installation-guide


== 1.1. Magento extension installation ==

There are two options to install the Magento extension. You need to follow only one of them:

=== Via Magento Connect ===

  # Go to Magento Connect and get the extension key for our extension.
  # In the Admin Panel of Magento, go to System / Magento Connect / Magento Connect Manager
  # Copy the extension key and click on Install 


=== Via Google Code ===

  # Download the latest version of the Magento extension in the download section of this project.
  # Extract it in your Magento root folder. Make sure to keep the directory structure from the compressed file.


== 1.2. Magento Extension configuration ==

=== 1.2.1 Refresh the extension cache ===

  # In the Admin Panel, go to System / Cache Management.
  # Select Configuration and Web Services Configuration.
  # In the Actions menu select Refresh, and then click on Submit button.


=== 1.2.2 Create a Web Services User ===

  # In the Admin Panel, go to System / Web Services / Roles.
  # Add a new role, any name is fine.
  # Under Roles Resource tab, select All for Resource Access menu.
  # Save Role. 
  # In the Admin Panel, go to System / Web Services / Users.
  # Add a new user; make sure the user is active. Please remember the User Name and API Key, you will need them to configure OpenERP.
  # In User Role tab, select the role you created earlier.
  # Save User.


= 2. OpenERP =

You will also need a working OpenERP server and at least one client. 
Follow the following link for instruction to install OpenERP server and client :

http://doc.openerp.com/install/index.html


== 2.1. OpenERP Module ==

  # If you do not have a OpenERP database yet, create one.
  # Download the latest version of the OpenERP module on our download page.
  # Connect to you database and go to Administration / Modules Managments / Import module
  # Select the downloaded .zip file and import.
  # Select the sneldev_magento module.
  # Click on Schedule for Installation then Apply Scheduled Upgrades 

If the module is installed correctly, you should see a new Magento tab in the OpenERP menu.


== 2.2. Automatic Synchronization script _(optional)_ ==

This step is only needed if you need the automatic synchronization. You can come back to this step later. 

  # Download the latest version of the script on our download page.
  # Extract the file anywhere on the machine running the OpenERP server.
  # Make sure the OpenERP server has read access to the file.
  # Open the file in your text editor and configure the settings of your OpenERP server and database.


= 3. Start using the connector =

See our [QuickStartTutorial] page for help.

= Need help ? = 

You need professional help with the installation or you are interested with our pre-installed solutions ? 

Don't hesitate to contact us here : http://www.sneldev.com/en/contact.html